hi everybody how are you hope you're
having a great day happy st. Patrick's
Day want to come out with a quick video
and a first impression review on the
Pantene cleansing conditioner this is
probably my 20th try at doing this video
the dogs have been all over me in fact I
even have my neighbor's dog over here
again so trying to record this I've had
dogs walking in front of the camera
tails hitting me in the face dog
squeaking barking and throwing
themselves all over so they're kind of
slowing down a little bit you will hear
a couple squeaks in the background
because when I was chewing on a squeak
toy so I can't have everything
completely quiet and my poor golden
retrievers limping right now I don't
know what happened did he play so hard
that he twisted his paw but he's limping
and look at me all pathetic and he's
milking it for all of sympathy can get
and I'm buying into it so I'm trying to
baby him so let's talk about Pantene's
cleansing conditioner about a couple of
days ago and actually just tried it
today I bought it at walmart it was
under five dollars this is a bottle
that's 16.9 ounces or 500 ml so it's a
good size product under five dollars
great price I've always had good luck
with shampoos and conditioners from
panting and past so I thought I would
try this one I noticed that herbal
essence has one out haven't tried it yet
probably will but I want to try this one
on the directions it says three or four
pumps in your hand massage in your hair
let it stay on for a couple of minutes
and then rinse so I did just that and I
got to tell you when I was rinsing my
hair my hair felt silky smooth it felt
like I had just put a you know a deep
conditioner on it so it really smooth
the hair shaft that I'm very pleased
with it's got a nice light fragrance so
that's another plus when it came time to
dry my hair you know it since this is
for damage dry course wavy curly hair
and I kind of have all of that I know it
doesn't look like I have wavy hair but I
do i flat iron it and I'm pretty hard on
my hair because
wash my hair pretty much every day I use
a hair dryer and then I use a flat iron
so when it came time to dry my hair this
time I was kind of surprised at what
happened the frizziness that I would
normally experience I would say it was
about fifty percent of what it normally
was so this is the only thing I use
today so it has to be because of this
product that I didn't have the
frizziness that I normally do so because
of that it didn't take as much of the
flat iron so I feel like I did less
damage on my hair today because I didn't
have that much to had to smooth down
that this already helped take care of it
so this was just you know the first time
using it I don't know if it I will feel
that after using it several times in a
row will it weigh my hair down or
anything like that but overall today I'm
very impressed with it even on the label
that says that if you like that nice
squeaky feeling you know alternate
between this and your regular shampoo I
got a fuzzy on my eye I wonder why you
alternate between the two so that it can
help with your hair didn't get it oh my
gosh I wonder what well cuz I got to
fuzzy dogs running around all over the
place but I do like this and you know
for the price I don't think you can beat
it and if you're looking for a cleansing
conditioner that you'd like to try for
the first time but you don't want to
invest a lot of money this might be a
great option for you I haven't tried the
real expensive cleanse cleansing
conditioners because i'm not sure that i
need to because there's some great ones
you can find at your local discount
store or you know drugstore you know so
do you have to spend a lot of money for
I don't so far I'm not convinced that
you do so if you're looking for
something like this this could be a good
option for you without breaking the bank
so until the next video I wish you all a
great day thank you so much for watching
I do appreciate each and every one of
you if you haven't subscribed please do
so down below so until the next video
take care and bye bye